Let's see an example
of how this might work in a VA hospital.
To start, the customer has a need for an item.
He or she is responsible for communicating that need
to the appropriate logistics staff.
This will involve going to the CPRC or equipment meeting,
providing a formal request, usually through the CPRC portal.
He or she will have to know the tentative levels
and provide justification.
In this scenario, the inpatient rehab area
wants to add toenail clippers to the general hygiene care
management for new patients.
The nurse manager estimates
that they get 10 new patients per week,
and because it would be a new item
that has not been supplied to the area before,
a formal request will need to be made.